Added item with npm package version increasing to the PR template (#1542)
opencv/cvat: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] I have added tests to cover my changes
- [ ] I have linked related issues ([read github docs](
  https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword))

> - [ ] I have icreased version of npm package version if necessary ([cvat-canvas](https://github.com/opencv/cvat/tree/develop/cvat-canvas#versioning),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have increased version of npm package version if necessary ([cvat-canvas](https://github.com/opencv/cvat/tree/develop/cvat-canvas#versioning),
```

> - [ ] I have increased version of npm package version if necessary ([cvat-canvas](https://github.com/opencv/cvat/tree/develop/cvat-canvas#versioning),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have increased versions of npm packages if it is necessary ([cvat-canvas](https://github.com/opencv/cvat/tree/develop/cvat-canvas#versioning),
```
